# Privacy Policy

To comply with Discord's new Terms of Service, this document exists
to provide an overview of Fashionscape Bot and the information it
collects, and why.

This document is also accessible to users within Discord through the
`~privacy` command.

## The data we store
###Guild Data:
Guild Snowflakes (IDs) - Generated by Discord

###User Data:
User Snowflakes (IDs) - Generated by Discord

###User Content:
Permanent links to user-provided images supplied in gallery channels.

## Why we store it and how we use it
###Guild Data:
Guild IDs are stored so that the bot may use custom prefixes and settings
as a guild's administrators see fit. It is also used to prevent the bot
from joining a guild, should the guild prove to be abusing or misusing
either the bot, or Discord/Jagex Terms of Service.

###User Data:
User IDs are stored mainly for image attribution, to give proper credit
to users who submit their screenshots to the gallery.

User IDs may also be used to prevent a user from utilizing some or all
features of the bot, if the user is proven to be abusing or misusing it.

###User Content:
Images posted to gallery channels are not stored directly. The bot
first uploads them to a private imgur gallery, and retrieves the link.
This link is then stored in the bot's database as part of the gallery.

## Accessing and deleting your data
You may request deletion of your submitted content through myself
or another administrator. To do this, either join our discord and
ping one of us, or create an issue on GitHub.

## Questions, Comments, Concerns
Any further questions or concerns may be submitted through the 
Fashionscape Server's #report-issues-here channel, or directed to
Salmonllama#5727 or LisaaRS#2604. 
